[NARRATOR] Ten years have
passed since all memories
of Majin Buu were erased
from people's minds,
and Mr. Satan became known
throughout the world
as the hero who had
protected Earth from danger.
Uh! Oh, great.
Outta gas already.
What a colossal
pain in the neck.
Oh, well.
Here goes.
♪ Opening Song ♪
Anyone there?
[CHI-CHI]
Trunks!
Nice of you to drop by.
Long time no see, huh?
Yeah, it has been a while.
So, uh, is Goten around?
Sorry, he's not.
He and Goku left the house
early this morning.
They could be anywhere now.
Oh, wait. Gohan might
know how to find them.
You know where
his place is, right?
Yeah, thanks. Guess I'll go see
what Gohan has to say then.
See ya later, Chi-chi.
Hey, Gohan!
Hello? Anybody home?
[door handle clicks]
[NEWSCASTER A]
Moving on.
Let's take a look at the
weather for the Paozu region.
Strong winds out of the west
will push away
the low-pressure...
[GOHAN]
Trunks! Welcome!
Ha! Hey, didn't see you there!
I've kinda got
my hands full here.
Would you mind holding these
for just a second?
Yeah, sure.
Oh, man. These books--
they all look
pretty serious to me.
[GOHAN] Yeah, I have to
put together material
to use for the upcoming term.
Oh. Just set those
on that table.
[TRUNKS]
Okay.
Wow, Gohan. You're like
a real brainiac now.
[GOHAN]
Suppose so.
[VIDEL] Pan! It's time
to clean your room! Pan!
Oh, hi there, Trunks!
It's good to see you!
Oh, hey, Videl!
Sorry to barge in like this.
I tell you, our little girl
sure can make quite a big mess.
[MR. SATAN ON TV]
Calling all brave warriors!
Not that I need
any introduction,
but I'm the world martial
arts champion Mr. Satan!
And I will be taking on
all able bodied challengers!
You can find me at the
World Martial Arts Tournament
if you dare!
[laughing]
[ANNOUNCER] The World Martial
Arts Tournament begins tomorrow!
Uuuugh! He's so embarrassing.
Seriously, what am I
gonna do with my dad?
Come on, it's not so bad.
I mean he is
Earth's greatest hero
who valiantly saved
the planet, right?
Well, yeah, that may be,
but thanks to the Dragon Balls,
everyone's memories
have been wiped out.
Nobody even knows what
he saved the world from now.
And yet he still keeps
running his mouth off.
--Just forget about him for now.
--[VIDEL grunts]
Trunks, did you need something?
Oh. Yeah, that's right.
Do you have any idea
where Goten is?
Yeah, actually,
he's just out back,
training in the
mountains with Dad.
And I think your parents
are out there with them.
Uh-- Really?
What are they doing here?
[GOTEN grunting]
Oh, good grief.
Like father like son, I guess.
[yells]
[GOTEN panting]
Man, you show no mercy, Dad,
even to your own son.
[GOKU chuckles]
Hmm?
Hey!
Hi, guys! Long time no see!
"Long time no see"
doesn't even begin to cover it!
C'mon, Goku.
Left to your own devices,
you'll never pay us
a visit, will you?
No surprise, if you ask me.
Hang on. That's not true, Bulma!
We just saw each other,
like, five years ago!
Don't you remember?
I know! That's a long time!
Whenever the rest of us
get together, you always bail
'cause you're busy training
for who knows what!
[GOKU]
Okay, you may be right, but...
Uuuh... Huh? Uhhh...
--[BULMA huffs]
--[GOKU chuckles]
What? What is it?
You've turned into
a wrinkly old lady!
You shut your mouth!
I'll have you know I still
get stopped on the street daily
and get told how youthful
and radiant I look!
If anything, I'd say you
Saiyans are weirdos
for never aging! You heard me!
We Saiyans are
a race of warriors.
Our bodies remain youthful
so we can continue to fight.
Hmph! Well all right, maybe
I'll just have to ask Shenron
to make me look
even younger then!
By the way, Kakarot,
is it true you'll be
registering to compete
in the World Martial Arts
Tournament tomorrow?
Yup. I sure will be!
Decided today.
Hey! You should enter,
too, Vegeta.
Hang on. What's with
the sudden interest
in signing up this time around?
I found out a really awesome
fighter's gonna be there.
Been eager to fight
this guy for a while.
Then what do you know,
he just shows up
at the tournament
grounds this morning.
Are you sure?
I'm not picking up
any strong energy.
Yeah, I know.
Right now, he's keeping
his energy in check.
But I can still sense this guy.
He's one seriously
strong fighter.
[VEGETA]
Hm! You must be kidding.
You sure you're not
just imagining this?
Are we talking about an alien?
No, sir.
Hundred-percent earthling.
He's an earthling?
And you're telling me
he's not at least
an android or something?
Would I lie to you, Vegeta?
[BULMA]
Huh? Oh, come on!
Just how is that even possible?
No human can match up
to all you
super-powered goof balls!
[GOKU]
Hm!
[GOTEN]
Hey, it's Trunks!
--Yo!
--What's this?
Now you're here, too, Trunks?
Yeah. So, what's up, Goten?
I hear you've been training.
Does that mean you're gonna
enter the tournament?
We just saw an ad for it.
Well, my dad keeps saying
I should do it.
And when I tell him I don't
wanna, he twists my arm.
But I'm supposed to be
going on a date tomorrow.
Aw. Quit your
complaining, Goten.
You can go on a date
any other time you want.
Hm! It seems we're
both struggling with
how soft our kids have become.
[GOKU]
Hm! Got that right.
But to be fair,
I guess that happens
when no bad guys are around.
[ALL gasp]
Well, look who's back already.
Oh, hey, it's little Pan!
Grandpa! I flew all the way
around the world by myself!
Wow! That was
pretty fast, wasn't it?
Way to go, Pan!
I think I'm gonna do
really good tomorrow!
Tomorrow? Hold on a sec, Pan,
does that mean you're planning
on entering the tournament, too?
Yup. You bet I am!
Huh? But wait, I thought
the tournament did away
with their junior division
a few years ago, didn't they?
Are you really putting her
up against adults?
Yeah. She may not win
the whole thing,
but I'm confident she can get
respectably far
in the competition.
Right now, the only
person in this family
with any guts
is little Pan here.
[PAN giggles]
This could be interesting.
Maybe I will enter.
Hey, Trunks, guess what?
You're competing, too.
--[TRUNKS] Huh?
--That's an order.
Unless, of course, you want to
see your allowance cut in half.
Uh!
[GOTEN laughing]
All right! Oh yeah!
All right! Woo hoo!
[explosions]
[CROWD chatting]
[PAN giggling]
This place is really buzzing.
Yeah, it feels less
like a tournament
and more like
some kind of festival!
[KRILLIN laughs]
Here they come!
[GOKU] Hey!
[laughing]
[GOKU] How's it going, guys?
You're looking good!
[KRILLIN] Don't you
"looking good" us, Goku.
I get that you're training,
but at least drop us
a line now and then.
It's been ages since we heard
even a peep from you.
[chuckles]
Sorry 'bout that.
Funny, you just missed Bulma
chewing me out big-time
for the exact same thing
when she saw me yesterday.
You haven't changed a bit, Goku.
[GOKU] Hey, Piccolo.
Aren't you gonna enter?
At this point,
it would be futile
for me to fight you again.
Today I'm perfectly happy
just to be a spectator,
seeing how strong you've become.
Fine. Suit yourself.
[KRILLIN]
Look for us up in the stands.
[GOKU]
Enjoy your seats!
[PAN]
Let's go, Grandpa!
I can't believe that
Goku is actually a grandpa.
I mean, c'mon, he could
pass for a teenager.
[MR. SATAN] Let's just stick
with the same strategy
we've been using.
Buu, you keep winning
until you become
the champion of
all the challengers,
and then, when you
go up against me,
the reigning super champ,
you take a dive.
As always, I have to
ask that you please
be as gentle as you possibly can
with the other
competitors you fight.
If you use your full strength,
there won't be anyone left
for you to go up against
at the next tournament.
Buu know.
[knock, knock]
[MR. SATAN]
Hm? Is that another of my fans,
desperate to adore me?
I thought I told them
not to let anyone bother me.
Hi!
Well, if it isn't
my old pal Goku.
Don't forget about me, Grandpa!
[laughing]
I'd never forget
my adorable little Pan!
Have you been a good girl?
Your whiskers are itching me!
[BUU chuckles]
[GOKU chuckles]
I'm so moved that
you would show up here
just to cheer on
your grandfather!
[PAN] Mn-mmm. I'm gonna be
fighting, just like you are.
[MR. SATAN]
Huh?!
Obviously the five of us
made it past the prelims.
[BOTH]
Hey, good to see ya, dude!
No!
[whispers]
Not to worry, big guy.
If any of us makes it
through to the end,
we've got no problem letting
you win the final round.
Gee, really?
You'd do that for me?
Yeah, of course. Why not?
[MR. SATAN]
Oooh!
Though it's always possible
that someone besides us
or Buu could make it
to the finals.
Then you're on your own.
[laughs]
Oh, you! You're such a kidder!
There's no way
that could happen!
'Scuse me, Mr. Satan.
All our friends and family
are here to see us.
But there's no more seats,
so they wanted to know
if maybe you could do something.
Oooh! Sure. Sure.
[laughing]
That's a simple enough
wish to grant.
All right. Let's just
see what I can do.
♪
[PICCOLO] Ugh! What kind
of seats are these?
[KRILLIN]
Oh, come on! Seriously?
[BULMA] I mean, sure we've
got a fine view,
but everyone else
has a fine view of us.
I feel like an animal
at the zoo.
If I'd known it was
gonna be like this,
I would've just gone ahead
and signed up to fight.
You've really done it
this time, Dad.
So embarrassing.
Oh, for Pete's sake,
this is ridiculous!
Let's get out of here!
Wait. Hold on. Just let me
go have a word with my father.
Hey! Look, Mom.
We have a great view!
We sure do.
Wow. These seats
are much better.
Dad really came through for us.
[GOHAN sighs]
Thank goodness.
I'm not gonna lie, I was
worried there for a minute.
[BULLA gasps] Looks like
someone's coming out!
Are you folks ready
to witness the drawing
that will determine
todays fight lineup?
Now please give an enthusiastic
welcome to all our fighters!
These are the brave warriors
who fought their way
through the preliminary rounds
and now seek victory
in the finals!
[MO KEKKO grunting]
[CAPTAIN CHICKEN chuckles]
[KNOCK chuckles]
Mm?
--[OTOKOSUKI] Ooh!
--[KNOCK] Eeeh...
[KIRANO chuckles]
Hey, when we
fought here last time,
remember how I totally
crushed it and won?
Won't let that happen twice.
--[PAN giggling]
--[BUU chuckles]
Woo! Look, it's Buu!
[WOMAN B, C] We love you, Buu!
You're the greatest!
[GOKU chuckles]
Wow, Buu's really built
quite a rabid fan base
from competing here
the last couple years.
[CROWD cheering]
[ANNOUNCER] And now the moment
you've all been waiting for.
The moment where fate
decides who each of these
fierce combatants
will face first.
As I'm sure you're
all aware by now,
this is a single-elimination
tournament.
With the winner of
each bracket moving on
to face another
bracket's winner.
Of course,
these matchups are set
by a completely impartial
lottery to ensure fairness.
And then, the one
contestant who wins
out over all others will
go on to compete against
the reigning super-champion,
Mr. Satan!
Hey. Do you see
anybody here who's as
out-of-this-world strong as your
dad was talking about yesterday?
Nah.
--Muah!
--[GOTEN] Eeeeh!
No. Uh... Everyone seems
really friendly.
Which one is he,
Kakarot? Tell me.
Ha! Oh, you'll see.
[ANNOUNCER]
Now then. Contestants,
when your name is called,
please step forward
and draw a number.
First up is Goten!
--That's me!
--Right this way, kid.
--[GOKU] Buu.
--[BUU] Huh?
You think you could use
your magic to help me out?
Change around a couple
of numbers for me?
[BUU]
Uf!
Oh, come on. Mr. Satan
used to have you cheat for him
back when he still had
to draw numbers, didn't he?
--Do it for me?
--Yeah, yeah, Buu help you.
What's your plan now?
I know you're up to something.
Yeah, sorry. But I wanna
make sure I get a chance
to fight him, no matter what.
And I wanna do it
in the first round,
while we both still have 100%
of our strength, you know?
[GOTEN]
Eight.
[ANNOUNCER] Number eight!
Goten will be number eight!
Now, let's see,
next up is Mo Kekko!
[MO KEKKO]
Yeah!
[BULMA] He sure looks like
he can do some damage?
[A18]
Oh, that guy's all show.
He's far less
than meets the eye.
[BULMA] I don't know, I still
wouldn't bet against him.
[A18] Krillin, how come you
didn't sign up this time?
You had to know the field was
gonna be this weak, right?
You could've won us
some serious prize money.
[KRILLIN] Are you nuts?
Sure, most of those jokers
are nothing special,
but there's no way
I could ever win against Goku!
[A18] All I know is,
I won ten years ago.
Even if I did let Mr. Satan
claim the victory.
Well, if you'll remember,
when you won,
there was all that Buu stuff,
and Goku and
the others left and--
Oh, honey. What happened
to your spine?
[KRILLIN]
Eeeh...
Look, Mom! It's must be
Pan's turn to pull out a ball!
[PAN laughing]
Let's see, which one
should I pick?
Is it time Buu use magic
on numbers now?
[GOKU whispers]
No, not yet.
Huh. Here!
Ah. Number one!
Pan has drawn number one!
Ooh, so Pan's number one, huh?
Which means
she'll be fighting...
No, it can't be!
Of all people, why'd she
have to draw that giant?
I'm number one! I'm number
one! I'm number one!
Next up we have a
former champion: Goku!
Ah, it's about time!
[GOKU]
Hm. What's still open?
All right Buu, I need you
to give me number three.
[BUU whispers]
Okay.
Hey!
It's been a while, Goku.
We've really missed
having you at the tournament
these last couple of years.
[GOKU chuckles]
[GOKU whispers]
Here we go.
[ANNOUNCER] And Goku
has drawn number three!
Next up, Kirano.
Cool.
[FEMALE FANS
screaming, cheering]
[whispers]
Put him at... Let's see...
Make him number six, okay?
[whispers]
Okey-doke.
Wait. Really?
That guys not the one?
Number six! Kirano has
pulled out number six!
Right. Next... is Uub!
Aah! Me?
[whispers]
Buu, number four.
Change his ball to number four.
After this kid draws,
no more cheating.
[whispers]
Buu got it.
Ah! No way!
That scrawny boy?
Get out of here!
[GOKU]
I've been waiting for this.
The whole time I was off
by myself training,
I was waiting for this kid
to enter the tournament.
I have no clue what's going on.
So why don't you enlighten me?
Ten years ago, right before
I finally defeated
the purely evil version
of Buu, I made a wish.
I wished for him to
come back as a good guy
so we could fight again
without destroying the world.
Well, it looks like
King Yama must've
heard my wish
and decided to grant it.
So, you're saying that child's
the reincarnation of Buu?
Mhmm. I'm sure of it.
Don't know how,
but I can just tell
that it's him.
And look at his name.
It's "Uub," you get it?
Read it backwards, it spells
"Buu." How 'bout that? Huh?
Quite a coincidence,
don't you think?
[UUB] Uh-oh. It looks like
Mom might have been right
when she warned me.
I might be the strongest
one in our village,
but the world's
a really big place,
and there are bound to be
a lot of people out there
who are a whole lot
stronger than me.
People like that guy.
[UUB]
What am I supposed to do now?
I already told everybody back
home I was gonna win easily,
and use the prize money to buy
tons of food for the village.
[UUB]
I'm fighting Goku?
Huh?
The matchups for the first
round have all been set!
[ALL cheering]
[ANNOUNCER] First up,
we have Pan versus Mo Kekko!
Next, comes Goku
facing off against Uub!
The third match is between
Kirano and Captain Chicken!
After that, it's Mr. Buu
taking on Goten!
Followed by Trunks
battling Otokosuki!
And, rounding things out
will be Knock versus Vegeta!
The tournament will begin
in just a few moments,
so please pay attention
and when your name is called,
go ahead and step into the ring.
Until then, you're welcome
to rest, warm up,
or do whatever else
you need to do to get ready.
Well, that's all.
Man, this is so unfair!
How come I have to
fight Buu first?
[TRUNKS laughs]
Luck of the draw, I guess.
Well, it serves
you right, Goten,
for always blowing off
your training to go have fun.
[MO KEKKO] Ha! If anyone
should be upset, it's me!
I'm supposed to get in a ring
with that little brat?!
I didn't come here
to babysit rug rats
and sing nursery
school rhymes. This sucks.
Pppppptt!
Ugh! How'd a kid
like you even make it
through the preliminaries?
Whatever, just crawl home
while you still can
and play with your dollies!
[OTOKOSUKI]
Oh, how wonderful!
You look like
a strong competitor!
We're gonna have
a lot of fun together!
Ah, man! You're so lucky!
Can we trade?
[KNOCK] Hey, old man!
I'm talking to you, gramps!
What, are you trying
to ignore me?
Or did you go deaf?
Anyway, I just wanted to
come by and pay my respects,
while you're still breathing.
Die!
[laughing]
[yells]
[TRUNKS, GOTEN laughing]
[VEGETA]
Somebody should tell them
we've had our first forfeit.
[sighs]
That's Vegeta.
[BULLA laughs]
That was awesome!
[NARRATOR]
What is the reincarnation
of Majin Buu capable of?
The world will find out soon
enough, next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
Wow, Uub! You're every bit as
awesome as I'd hoped you'd be!
Maybe even better!
Say, how would you like
to come train with me?
[BULMA]
Suddenly taking off and leaving
in the middle of a match?
What's gotten into you, Goku?
[GOKU]
Next time, on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[GOHAN]
Wow! Dad!
I don't think I've ever
seen you this happy!